Hi Tom and Bruce.  I am very excited about your decision to open-source gobeProductive; it truly is the most elegant, powerful, and usable office-suite I have ever seen.  I empathize with the sadness you must feel concerning Gobe as a business; however, the product you have created is so amazing that it will most certainly make an impact as a signficant, next-generation open-source office suite for the masses.  The baby that you and your team has created will change the world.

I am writing to you about a non-commercial, open-source project I myself am working on, named Paper Airplane, which I myself hope will change the world (or at least a small portion of it).  I have been working on this project exclusively for the last 9 months, funding it out of my savings, and have enough to continue working on it for the next two years.  There are some very powerful ways that the open-source gobe editor and Paper Airplane can play together to empower ordinary people.

First, let me quickly tell you a bit about myself.  My name is Brad Neuberg, I am 26 years old, and live in the Bay Area.  I attended Columbia University for computer science, and have seven years experience in software engineering, object-oriented programming, distributed systems, and web architecture.  I am originally from South Texas near the border of Mexico.

What is Paper Airplane?  Here is an excerpt from the User Manual's Introduction:

"Interested in expressing yourself creatively and politically on the Web, for free and easier than you can imagine?

Couldn't care less about configuring web servers, setting up domain names, or learning HTML?

Intrigued by the idea of web-sites that feel more like a community of friends and less like a one-way television?

Welcome to Paper Airplane and the Two Way Web.

Paper Airplane is a non-commercial browser that makes these promises true by radically including everything necessary to author and view sites for free.  It fuses a web browser, a powerful word-processor, and a peer to peer web server together to create the Two Way Web.  Paper Airplane sledgehammers the Two Way Web Sites it creates, smashing them into hundreds of fragments that are securely stored across a multitude of machines in a process known as peer to peer, similar to Napster.  Choose from hundreds of new domain endings for your new site, such as .politics, .fan, .religion, .gay, or .environment.  Want to create a web-site named www.Nike.laborpolicy, www.CodingInParadise.weblog, or www.DallasCowboys.fan? Go for it. Finally, Paper Airplane includes an advanced What You Create Is What Your Users See (WYCIWYUS) word processor.  Best of all, Paper Airplane is free in every sense of the word: free to download, free to create sites and domain names, and free as in open-source.

The engine underlying the features in Paper Airplane is a new kind of organic, grassroots web site, named a Two Way Web Site.  These new sites are advanced, online communities that completely integrate the tools necessary to create, maintain, and share content. 

Two Way Web Sites:
	*Are free to create and maintain.
	*Eliminate server administration and the hassle of uploading files to web-servers. 
	*Provide one-click editing of pages and a full-featured word-processor
	*Can have domain names that end with hundreds of new and free domain endings, such as .religion, .fan, .antifan, .love, .company, .politics, and more.
	*Provide single-sign on between Two Way Web Sites
	*Can control who can join, view, and create content
	*Have a consistent and standardized membership system.
	*Seamlessly integrate a search engine, member's directory, and tools to track site changes.
	*Are easy for user's to find by using the Two Way Web Directory.
	*Are transparently and securely stored peer-to-peer on other user's Personal Computers running the Paper Airplane browser rather than on centralized web servers.

The Old Web stores web sites on centralized servers that are expensive and difficult to maintain; Paper Airplane sledgehammers Two Way Web Sites, smashing them into hundreds of fragments that are securely stored across a multitude of machines.  When a Two Way Web Site is requested, the fragments coalesce like drops of mercury in a process known as peer-to-peer, similar to the music-sharing program Napster.  This peer-to-peer process makes it possible to create new Two Way Web Sites for free.  Instead of pulling out a credit-card and configuring a web-server, you simply save your pages just as you save documents in your word processor today.  No fuss no muss.

Paper Airplane colorizes the monotone domain name system.  Your world isn't just about .COMpanies, .EDUcational institutions, or .ORGanizations, so why should the web?  Paper Airplane adds hundreds of free new domain endings, such as .religion, .fan, .sucks, .love, .cooperative, .gay, .marryme, .politics, .environment, and more.  Plus, you can create your own ending without asking anyone's permission. 

Paper Airplane finally frees us from the tyranny of HTML by integrating a powerful editor that uses a new file format.  Gone are endless nights spent trying to get web pages to look the same across many different browsers; with the Paper Airplane editor, What You Create Is What Your Users See (WYCIWYUS).  Paper Airplane achieves this by replacing the aging, crusty HTML file-format with an XML format that better encodes how your documents look on the screen.  Easily drag-and-drop images from your desktop into your document and freely position them in your page without using HTML hacks like tables.  Use columns to create advanced online newsletters.  You will fall in love with the powerful AutoLink feature, which transforms creating hyperlinks into a stream of consciousness.  Even better, since Paper Airplane's editor is fully integrated into the browser, getting work done productively and efficiently is faster and easier than it's ever been.  If you have the proper permissions, editing a page is as simple as clicking the Edit this Page button located on every Two Way Web page.  And remember, because other site member's can also edit through their Paper Airplane browser, web pages become more like discussions and less like the strait-jackets they are today. "




The technologies being used to create Paper Airplane 1.0 are Mozilla, XUL, JXTA, and C++.  The actual peer-to-peer network will use recent advances in distributed file storage technologies, such as distributed indexes for efficient naming, Forward Error Correction for simple reliability, distributed time-stamping for universal namespaces that are non-centralized, etc.  The new domain name system is a simple facade that stores domain name information in the same decentralized manner as the Two Way Web pages themselves.  XUL and JXTA are being used for rapid development and reuse.  The initial release will only target Windows, due to limited development resources, but the underlying technologies are extremely cross-platform.

The philosophies of the gobeProductive project and Paper Airplane are very congruent: an intense focus on usability, empowering ordinary computer users, innovation in product categories that other's have written off as "mature" or "it's fine how it's done today," and good-looking aesthetic software.

I am currently finishing up the requirements and usability phases, and am moving into specing and researching the distributed peer-to-peer architecture and the client applications architecture.  This phase should last about four months; the software is on target for release in a year and a half to two years.  

It is amazing that you chose to announce that gobe will go open-source when you did.  If it had been a week or two later, my requirements and user-interface work would have been finished and locked down.  I had planned on building a simple but relatively full-featured editor out of XUL, taking many ideas from gobeProductive.  Over the last few months I repeatedly told myself "I sure wish I could simply use gobeProductive itself!"  If you are truly planning to open-source gobe, I would love to use it instead of a custom-created editor.  As I've said above, I really believe that Paper Airplane will inject some much needed innovation into the web; further, much of the last nine months of work has been about usability testing, putting mockups in front of ordinary people and seeing if they can use the application.  Not only does Paper Airplane introduce powerful technical innovations but it empowers people to use them, exactly the same goal that your team has had with gobe. I believe that using gobe as the editor that is integrated into Paper Airplane will be amazing: ordinary people will be empowered to create grassroots, online communities with an office suite that rivals any I have ever seen.  Tom and Bruce, help me to arm people with the tools they need for creativity and politics; gobeProductive could be an integral part of this.

I am keeping Paper Airplane very private until I have an alpha-level 1.0 ready to release.  This is for several reasons.  One, I want to prevent what happened to Gnutella and Freenet from happening to Paper Airplane, where news articles give hype that can't be fulfilled for one or two years.  Second, I am one guy trying to take on Internet Explorer and Microsoft Word, and am afraid what would happen if I pre-announced before having code ready to run; an entity like Adobe or Microsoft could simply take this idea and implement
it quicker then I, in a proprietary manner.  I am trying to build Paper Airplane and the Two Way Web into a public-good, just as the original World Wide Web was, and this would disappear if a private company built it first.  Paper Airplane will eventually become an incorporated non-profit.  For these reasons please keep this email private.  I also trust that you won't use these ideas for your own personal gain.

I look forward to your response,
  Brad Neuberg
