{\rtf1\ansi\deff1\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f1\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\snext1 Default;}
}
{\info{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6410}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 {\ltrch\loch\f1 In the navigator, when right-clicking on something, add Delete}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 If you double-click something in the style list, it should show the properties for that style.}
\par 
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Remember right-clicking functionality}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 kill math document and HTML document editing}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 kill cross-reference functionality (also remove Reference tab from Fields popup)}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 We have Author autofield, but that will simply insert what a note inserts:}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab }
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 ---- BKN, 05/08/2002, 17:18 ----}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill form functionality}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill autotext}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill charts}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill Databases (also remove Database from Fields tab)}
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill seeing Changes and Comparing Documents (in Edit menu)}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 //Move "Exchange Database" from Edit to Tools, and rename to "Replace Database," under More.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill being able to insert Applets and Plugins, including OLE Objects (i.e. no inserted objects)}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill inserting Image Maps or editing them across everything}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 //Killed "to character" anchoring command}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 We are NOT redoing what OpenOffice dialog boxes look like; they will be OO native dialogs drawn by OO.  We WILL redo Navigator and Stylist.  3D Effects and FontWorks will remain OO windows that we will NOT redo.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill Counter Editor, which shows up for wrapping around images}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill 3D Effects in all ways}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill Drawing Program}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill Spreadsheet and Presentation Programs}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill direct creation of different types from start menu (how OpenOffice does things "Create New Spreadsheet", "Create New Presentation", etc.)}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill autorequest of information from a remote site to your personal passport}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill headers/footers}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Keep Inserting Direct Endnotes but kill Inserting Direct Footnote}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Keep the hyperlink popup, but we need to slightly modify it.}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\af3\ltrch\dbch\af3\loch\f3\lang1023 {\ltrch\loch\f3 When you click on the text tool and click on the screen and start typing, you automatically get a frame that is the width of your page and one more}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f3 line below that.  You could then resize this box how you want by grabbing any corner after selecting it and resizing.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f3 Change the term text boundaries to just be Boundaries under View.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill macros.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 We kill Draw Text Boxes, in the draw menu because they aren't full-featured (i.e. you can't drop arbitrary shit in them).  Our text boxes become floating containers, which can hold anything.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Add to Tools (or maybe format) > }
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Flow Text Between Floating Boxes (link command)}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Unflow Text Between Floating Boxes (unlink command)}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Change the term Floating Box to Container }
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Change little Note indicator from yellow box to a little picture of a note.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Merge Paragraph and Character properties dialogs.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Move all of the Bitmap Graphics dials (r, g, b, transparency, etc.) into a new tab on the Graphics dialog.  Call it what though?}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Add hyperlink icon to properties window}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Add View > Turn off Hyperlinks}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Control-All (or select all) should select _everything_, and when you press delete, it should delete.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 When you double click a frame, it should automatically put your cursor into the frame instead of showing a Frame Properties dialog.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 To close a polygon, change it from double-clicking to just pressing Enter.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Tools >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Flip >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab \tab Flip Vertical}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab \tab Flip Horizontal}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Edit Points >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab }
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 File > }
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1     Site Properties - Sharing goes in here}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1     Page Properties  - Sharing goes in here}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Format >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab (if you're at a Table)}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Table Properties}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab (if you're at a Container)}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Container Properties}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab (if you're at an Image; etc.)}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Image Properties}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab ---------------------------}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Wrapping >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Arrange >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Alignment >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Anchoring >}
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 \tab Borders}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Notes will be the Blowouts, which are under Draw now.  There will be a View > Show all notes, Hide all notes; when hidden, notes are little icons of notes.  If you double click the little icon of the note, you'll see the blowout.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Get rid of bibliography databases.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill the gallery.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill line numbering}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Kill managing images in Mozilla ("Image Manager") because its confusing about what it is in tools pull-down.  Also not well-thought out and too low-level.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Use the Writeable Web password to encrypt the Mozilla non-writeable web password cache; remove advanced control of how this cache is encrypted.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Do Notes how word does its Comments, but leave a little note icon next to things that have notes.  Also put username in a visible place in our Notes when expanded.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Table of contents should insert references rather than page numbers.}
\par 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Add a new target type to href called _tab, which when you clicked will open that link into a new browser tab.  This should be used in the online newspaper, for example, for each article that is opened, and should also be used for the online diary for any e
ntries which are clicked to outside sites.}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\qc\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf1\rtlch\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1033\rtlch\afs20\ltrch\dbch\afs20\loch\fs20 
\par {\ltrch\loch\f1 Have Control-L put the cursor right into the Address Bar and selects everything there instead of opening an Open... window.}
\par 
\par }